1.
	a) Super user:
		sudo -s
		mkdir lab02assignment01
		cd lab02assignment01

	b)Creating 3 files:
		cat > key1.txt
		cat > key2.txt
		cat > key3.txt

	c)Creating 2 directories:
		mkdir Box1
		mkdir Box2

	d)Copying key1.txt and key2.txt to Box1 directory:
		cp key1.txt Box1
		cp key2.txt Box1

	e) Moving key3.txt to the Box2 directory:
		mv key3.txt Box2

	f) Copying the Box1 directory along with contents to the Box3 directory
		mkdir Box3
		cp -r Box1 Box3

	g) Now move into the Box3 directory and check the permissions of the files in there and change the permissions  
	   for both user andgroup to only read-execute for all the files that have read-write-execute permissions:
		cd Box3
		ls -l
		chmod 555 Box1 (Here i didn't change for execution part. I only change the user & group part)

	h) Now go back one directory and print the current working directory and then print all the directories and files in the current working directory
		cd ..
		pwd
		ls -a

	i) Finally move the Box3 folder to the root directory and delete the rest of the files and folders in the current working directory:
		mv Box3 /
		rm -r *

2. Count the lines containing the word “Hello” in a file named hello.txt
	cat > hello.txt
	grep -c "Hello" hello.txt

3. What is the difference between soft and hard links?
	Soft link:
	1. A soft link provides the reference link of an actual file. We can use this system as a short cut of a original source.
	2. It provides the destination/path of original file/source.
  	3. It can link the directories.

	Hard link:
	1. In hard link, all of the source file will be available in the link file. If we edit one file
	   the linked file will also be changed.
	2. I has the same inodex number.
	3. It can not link the directories.

4. Create a file name firstone.txt 
   Create a second file name second.txt with the contents of firstone.txt [ don’t use copy here]
	cat > firstone.txt
	ln firstone.txt second.txt

5. Show all the hidden files in a directory
	ls -a
6. Show only lines 15-21 of a .txt file
	sed -n 15,21p shan.txt